a United Nations run school with
thousands Sheltering in
it but early Saturday it became clear
once more that there is no refuge for
Palestinians in
Gaza bodies lay scattered between the
desks in what was once used as a
classroom at the Alaura School in the
north this facility once took in
thousands of children and prided itself
on its support for vulnerable students
but these days it's been a shelter for
family is displaced by bombing now its
grounds resemble a graveyard what we're
seeing is another one of these horrific
uh incidents uh where civilians people
who sought shelter in a protected un
building are paying the price they
thought that there they would have a bit
of safety but nowhere is safe in Gaza
not even our
schools it's a familiar scene Alaura was
bombed in 2009 in in 2014 and earlier
this month it's located in jabalia
gaza's largest refugee camp an area
that's faced some of the heaviest
bombardment in recent
weeks the dead have been taken to the
nearby Indonesian Hospital which just
days ago declared it was completely out
of service because of a lack of supplies
and
fuel they claimed the UN schools are
protected but the Israelis pounded the
unir school again where is the UN where
is unoa where is the Free
World only 10 out of the 35 hospitals in
Gaza are still open just barely
operating both health facilities and
schools have come under Israeli attack
both meant to be protected under
international law bad mahichi Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
Jaz